Hello everyone, many Alexander
and now we will cook pancakes with
meat for cooking directly
pancakes we need flour eggs
sunflower oil water and salt for
aqualine fillings and meat passed through
meat grinder finely chopped onion salt and
pepper
put egg flour in a bowl
under the case of oil water
so our dough is ready to start baking
pancakes we heat up our skillet and
pour out the dough from her
and fry our pancake on both sides
in the same way from the heat all the rest
pancakes until the dough is over
now that our pancakes are ready and
make the stuffing
on the hot pan pour
sunflower oil and pour out here
fry until golden brown
after the club reddened
add meat to the pan and pour out
some water to our
it was n’t too good
stirring
Now we will salt and pepper
add some rosemary all is well
I mix
and our stuffing is ready now when all
components are ready to begin
directly start the ben and take
the filling is placed on the pancake and turn off
the sight of such a small keg
laid on a plate also doing
this operation with all the others
pancakes until we run out
our plates are wrapped
it remains only to fry their vegetable
oil in a skillet on a hot
pan pour vegetable oil and
put our wrapped pancakes in it
fry from both sides to
light brown and here are our
pancakes ready bon appétit